piano harmony mini Stevie Pro is an
iPhone app that you can use to harmonize
any song with beautiful chord changes
you can sound like a pro at your
keyboard just tell it what melody notes
you have you can start out with a simple
melody like mary had a little lamb and
it will give you the beautiful chord
change that you can play it right here
on the iphone or you can look at the
chords and play them right on your
keyboard and learn the chord sequence
for that song and you can sound like a
pro i've harmonized the song of the hymn
holy holy holy with one of our newest
core groups called tri tones and this
wants you to take a quick listen at how
beautiful this sequence sounds first
chord here like I said these aren't
typical simple major or minor chords we
have advanced chord groups within the
app to give you that real hard hitting
sound that you just learned the play
here we go let's take a quick listen
like I said the cords are pictured there
so you know exactly where to put your
fingers on the keyboard after you've
harmonized a song and YouTube can sound
like a pro like I said this core group
is from our latest release of tritones
which should be on the App Store i has
an add-on to the app momentarily let's
take a look at here we go the first
chord a flat seven flat nine and we move
to the scene trying tone right here to
try to understand the piece level to see
in the bass I said these is another
tritone C tritone C seven sharp five
sharp nine tritone is right there with
the E and the B flat to C in the bass so
like I said this app will get you
playing you'll sound like a pro